<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
			
			<p>
				a4j:support is the most important core component in the RichFaces library. It allows 
				to add an Ajax capability to the existing non-ajax components. All other Ajax components
				are based on the same principles a4j:support has.
			</p>
			<p> a4j:support should be attached to a direct child of the JSF component that has to be ajaxified.
				The key attributes are 'event' and 'reRender'.
			</p>
			<p>
				<b>event</b> attribute defines the javascript event the ajax support will be attached to.
			</p>
			<p>
				'reRender' attribute points to the JSF	component(s) that should be re-rendered on the server side
				and updated on the client when an Ajax Response comes back.
			</p>
			<p>
				The following example shows how the outputText component value is changed while a user is
				typing in the input field:
			</p>
			
			
			<div class="sample-container" >


				<ui:include src="/richfaces/support/examples/echo.xhtml"/>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/support/examples/echo.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>			
                                <ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
                                    <ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/testsrc/AjaxSupportTest.java"/>
                                    <ui:param name="openlabel" value="#{'View JSFUnit Source'}"/>
                                    <ui:param name="sourcetype" value="#{'java'}"/>
                                </ui:include>
								
			</div>

						
			<p>
				a4j:support is wired with the event of the parent component during the Render Response 
				phase on the server side. Hence, the number of possible events is limited to the ones
				defined with particular component attributes. The wiring with events dynamically attached
				on the client side is not supported.
			</p>
			

			<p>
				In case of attaching a4j:support to non-Ajax JSF command component, such as h:commandButton
				or h:commandLink, it is important to set disableDefault equals true. Otherwise, a non-ajax
				request will be send just after an Ajax request and the page will be unexpectedly refreshed.
			</p>
			
			<p>
				For additional information about attributes of this compponent read 
				<h:outputLink value="#{facesContext.externalContext.requestContextPath}/richfaces/ajaxAttributes.jsf?c=ajaxattributes">
					<h:outputText value="'Ajax Attribute' section" />
				</h:outputLink>. 
			</p>
			
			
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
