<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">

			<p>
			a4j:keepAlive extends the live cycle for request scope beans. In general, each Ajax
			request works inside the own request scope. Therefore, the state of the component
			tree rendered based on the variable from one request scope does not correspond to the
			state of the same tree processed during the next Ajax request. This causes one of
			the most widespread problem when the form elements (buttons or fields) can't be correctly proceeded with Ajax if the  'rendered' attribute is mapped to the request scoped variable
			
			</p>
			<p>Using the session scope variables solves the above mentioned problem. However,
			using a session scope might be inappropriate from the architectural point of view.
			a4j:keepAlive allows to reuse the same value for a request scope bean between
			several Ajax requests. 
			</p>
			<p>
			<b>beanName</b> attribute references to a request scope bean name you'd like  
			to re-use during the Ajax requests. 
			</p>
			<p><b>ajaxOnly</b> attribute is a flag that declares whether the value of the bean
			should be available during a non-Ajax request. If ajaxOnly="true", a request
			scope bean will keep the same value during Ajax requests from the given page, but
			it will be re-created as a regular request scope bean when a non-Ajax request
			will send from this page.
			</p>
	
			<div class="sample-container" >

				<ui:include src="/richfaces/keepAlive/examples/enabledIssue.xhtml"/>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/keepAlive/examples/enabledIssue.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>	
                                <ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
                                    <ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/testsrc/AjaxKeepaliveTest.java"/>
                                    <ui:param name="openlabel" value="#{'View JSFUnit Source'}"/>
                                    <ui:param name="sourcetype" value="#{'java'}"/>
                                </ui:include>
			</div>
			
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
