<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
			
			<style>
			 input[type="button"] {
			 	background-color:#{a4jSkin.trimColor};
			 }
			</style>
			
			<p>a4j:actionparam is a component that combines together the functionality of f:param and ActionListener. 
			Additionally to the f:param, this component allows to assign the value to the property of the manager bean
			directly using the assignTo attribute. 
			</p>
			<div class="sample-container">
				<ui:include src="/richfaces/actionparam/examples/assignTo.xhtml" />
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/actionparam/examples/assignTo.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>
                                <ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
                                    <ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/testsrc/ActionParamTest.java"/>
                                    <ui:param name="openlabel" value="#{'View JSFUnit Source'}"/>
                                    <ui:param name="sourcetype" value="#{'java'}"/>
                                </ui:include>
			</div>
			<p>
			You can use a4j:param not only with ajax components, but with non-ajax command component also.
			In the following example, the used skin of the demo is changed when the whole page is refreshed
			with the regular non-ajax h:commandLink. Using this feature you can update model values without
			invoking even a single line of java code on the server side.
			</p>
			<div class="sample-container">

				<ui:include src="/richfaces/actionparam/examples/changeSkin.xhtml"/>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/actionparam/examples/changeSkin.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>
				
			</div>
			<p>Attributes 'name' and 'value' are mandatory. You can specify the converter with 'converter' 
			attribute if you need to convert the value before the model is updates. Note that 
			the property is assigned with a parameter value on the UPDATE_MODEL phase. Thus, if
			the validation of the form is failed, this phase will be skipped and the property
			is not updated.
			</p>
			<p>It is possible to use javascript variable of custom function for the 'value' attribute. In this
			case the 'noEscape' attribute should be set to true. When noEscape="true", the 'value' can contain
			any javascript expression or javascript function invocation and the result of them will be send 
			to the server as a value of a4j:actionparam. The following example demonstrates how to assign 
			the backing bean with browser screen size values.
			</p>
			<div class="sample-container">
				<ui:include src="/richfaces/actionparam/examples/screenSize.xhtml"/>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/actionparam/examples/screenSize.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>
			</div>

		
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
