<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">
<ui:composition template="/templates/main.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="title">JSFUnit/RichFaces - Unit Testing with Rich JSF Components</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="body">
		<p>Welcome to the
                <h:outputLink value="http://labs.jboss.com/jsfunit" target="_blank">
			<strong>JSFUnit</strong>
		</h:outputLink> with
                <h:outputLink value="http://labs.jboss.com/jbossrichfaces" target="_blank">
			<strong>Rich Faces</strong>
		</h:outputLink> demo!</p>
                <h4>About JBoss JSFUnit</h4>
		<p>JSFUnit is a test framework for JSF applications. It is designed 
                to allow complete integration testing and unit testing of JSF applications 
                using a simplified API. JSFUnit tests run inside the container, which 
                provides the developer full access to managed beans, the FacesContext, 
                EL Expressions, and the internal JSF component tree. At the same time, 
                you also have access to parsed HTML output of each client request.</p>
		<h4>About RichFaces</h4>
		<p>RichFaces is a rich component library for JavaServer Faces
		built on an advanced open source framework (Ajax4jsf). It allows easy integration of AJAX capabilities into enterprise-level business
		application development.</p>
		<p>RichFaces enriches the Ajax4jsf framework in two important
		ways. First, it expands a number of visual ready-to-use components.
		Secondly, it fully implements the skinnability feature of the Ajax4jsf
		framework including a large number of predefined skins. Using
		skinnability, it is much easier to manage the look-and-feel of an
		application.</p>
		<h4>About This Demo</h4>
		<p>This demo Web application showcases the most important
		functionality available in RichFaces components. For each component
		or component set selected in the left-hand sidebar, you can see it in action. Also, you can immediately see the effect of predefined
		skins on the application whole look-and-feel.
		</p>
                <p>In addition, you can see samples of JSFUnit source that tests the demo.  Look for 'View JSFUnit Source' to see the test for each
                   component.  You can interactively run the full suite of tests by clicking the link in the upper lefthand corner.  However, JSFUnit tests run
                   equally well as part of a build utilizing continuous integration.
                </p>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
