<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">
	<ui:composition template="/templates/component-sample.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="sample">
			
				
			<p><code>a4j:outputPanel</code> is rendered as a &lt;span&gt; html element if the 
			<code>'layout'</code> attribute is equal <code>'inline'</code> 
			(default value) or as a &lt;div&gt; html element if <code>layout="block"</code>. 
			You can use this component for a layout purpose even if the page has no Ajax functionality.
			</p>
			<p>If Ajax functionality presents on the page, the component offers two additional
			features:
			<ul>
			<li>Marking the area of the page as automatically re-rendered on each Ajax request event
			without any necessity to mentioned this area in the <code>reRender</code> attribute of Ajax
			component. Attribute <code>ajaxRendered="true"</code> turn on this feature. Note, that the effect of using
			 ajaxRendered="true" still might be overridden with the limitToList attribute of the Ajax component
			 or <code>renderRegionOnly</code> attribute of the <code>a4j:region</code> component.</li> 
			<li>Marking the placeholder for any JSF component in case of it is not rendered due to
			<code>rendered="false"</code>. This might be important when the component becomes rendered during the next
			Ajax response. As soon as the placeholder is unknown, the rendered component doesn't
			appear on a page. To turn on the feature for marking the placeholder, you need to have the
			attribute <code>layout="none"</code>.</li>
			</ul>
			</p>		
			<p>When <code>layout="none"</code>, the span <code>style="display:none"</code> is
			rendered and assigns the id of the child component if the component is not rendered. 
			Otherwise, it does not become rendered at all.<br/>
			The following example shows the cases of usage described above:</p>
			<div class="sample-container" >

				<ui:include src="/richfaces/outputPanel/examples/noneLayout.xhtml"/>
				<ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
					<ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/richfaces/outputPanel/examples/noneLayout.xhtml"/>
				</ui:include>
                                <ui:include src="/templates/include/sourceview.xhtml">
                                    <ui:param name="sourcepath" value="/testsrc/AjaxOutputPanelTest.java"/>
                                    <ui:param name="openlabel" value="View JSFUnit Source"/>
                                    <ui:param name="sourcetype" value="java"/>
                                </ui:include>
																										
			</div>
		</ui:define>

	</ui:composition>
</html>
